Hi everyone!
In Python we can have functions inside functions.
This is called inner functions or also nested functions.
We can have a for loops inside for loops and this is called nested for loops is the same for the if
statement.
We can have if statements inside if statements and this is called nested if statements.
In this example we have the outer if and the second if is the inner if.
Let's go to PyCharm and execute this example.
The result is above ten and also above 20.
For the outer.
If x is greater than ten, we will print above ten for the inner.
If x is greater than 20, we will print and also above 20.
Just remember in if statement cannot be empty.
But if you for some reason have an if statement with no content, put in the pass statement to avoid
getting an error, an empty statement will throw an error.
Let's execute this code.
Python will throw indentation error because we have an empty.
If the solution, it will be the pass statement.
To avoid getting error, let's execute the code.
Python will not throw an error.
That's it for this video.